# Peak-Detector Data Processor

The objective of assignment 2 is using the CMOD A7 FPGA to achieve a peak detector in VHDL. The peak detector is composed of a Data Generator, Data Consumer, Command Processor, Transmitter (TX) and Receiver (RX). There are four main functions of this peak detector. First, all printable characters typed in the terminal will be echoed. Moreover, if ‘aNNN’ or ‘ANNN’ (N is a decimal number between 0-9) is typed in PuTTY, NNN number of bytes of data in hexadecimal format will be sent to the computer and displayed in the terminal. Secondly, if ‘l’ or ‘L’ is typed after this, seven sets of data will be extracted from the whole data sequence and displayed under the command line. Note that if the peak is at the end of the data sequence, and the number of bytes of data after the peak is smaller than 3, then only the valid number of bytes of data after the peak will be updated. The characteristic of this data sequence is the middle number of the sequence which is the peak (maximum) of the whole data. The three numbers before and after the peak which are the corresponding bytes in the data sequence requested. Thirdly, if ‘p’ or ‘P’ is typed, the peak and the index of the peak in the data will be printed in the terminal. Finally, all other printable characters that serve no function when typed will be echoed in the terminal.
In this project, the two components that needed to be developed are Data Consumer and Command Processor. The group is divided into two teams and each team designs the corresponding components. The details about the team composition are provided in the next section. In the following sections, team project plan, Design of Data consumer, Design of Command processor will be illustrated.
